apps/server/README.md, before:

# Erisfy Server API

This document provides comprehensive documentation for the Erisfy backend server, which handles market news analysis and data processing. It includes setup instructions, API documentation, development guidelines, and troubleshooting information.

## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [API Documentation](#api-documentation)
3. [Development](#development)
   - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
   - [Environment Setup](#environment-variables)
   - [Database Setup](#docker-database-setup)
   - [Running the Server](#running-the-server)
4. [Database Management](#database-management)
   - [Schema Updates](#updating-the-database-schema)
   - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting-database-issues)
5. [Testing](#testing)

## Overview

The Erisfy Server is a NestJS-based backend that:

- Provides REST APIs for market news and analysis
- Manages automated data collection from various sources
- Processes and stores market data using PostgreSQL
- Integrates with OpenAI for market analysis
- Runs scheduled background jobs for data updates

## API Documentation

The API documentation is available through Swagger UI, which provides an interactive interface to explore and test all available endpoints.

### Accessing Swagger Documentation

1. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm nx serve server
   ```

2. Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:3001/api/docs
   ```

### Using Swagger UI

The Swagger UI provides:

- Interactive API documentation
- Request/response examples for each endpoint
- Built-in API testing interface
- Authentication configuration
- Schema definitions for all DTOs and responses

Key features:
- **Try it out**: Test endpoints directly from the browser
- **Models**: View detailed request/response schemas
- **Authorization**: Configure auth tokens for protected endpoints
- **Response codes**: See all possible response statuses and their meanings

API endpoints are organized by tags:
- `market-insights`: Market news and analysis endpoints
- `onboardings`: User onboarding management endpoints
- `news`: General news endpoints

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js v20.14.0 (or higher)
- pnpm v9.15.0 (or higher)
- Docker Desktop

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env.development` file in the server directory by copying `.env.example`:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.development
```

Required environment variables:

```bash
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/erisfydb?schema=public"
POSTGRES_USER=postgres
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres
POSTGRES_DB=erisfydb
POSTGRES_PORT=5432
POSTGRES_HOST=localhost
```

### Docker Database Setup

The project uses Docker Compose to manage the PostgreSQL database. Configuration is defined in `docker-compose.yml` at the root of the project.

#### Database Configuration

When running locally with Docker, use these database settings in your `.env.development`:

```env
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/erisfydb?schema=public"
POSTGRES_USER=postgres
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres
POSTGRES_DB=erisfydb
POSTGRES_PORT=5432
POSTGRES_HOST=localhost
```

#### Starting the Database

1. Start the PostgreSQL container:

   ```bash
   pnpm run serve:docker
   ```

2. For first-time setup, run database migrations:

   ```bash
   nx run server:prisma-migrate
   ```

#### Database Management with Adminer

Adminer is included for database management:

- Access at: <http://localhost:8080>
- System: PostgreSQL
- Server: db
- Username: postgres
- Password: postgres
- Database: erisfydb

#### Troubleshooting Database Issues

1. **Port Conflicts**:
   - Check for running PostgreSQL instances: `docker ps`
   - Stop conflicting services or modify port in docker-compose.yml

2. **Container Issues**:
   - Verify Docker Desktop is running
   - Check logs:

   ```shell
   docker-compose logs db
   ```

   - Try removing container: `docker-compose down`
   - For fresh start: `docker-compose down -v`

### Running the Server

Start the development server:

```bash
pnpm nx serve server
```

The server will be available at <http://localhost:3001/api>

### Database Management

#### Updating the Database Schema

When modifying the Prisma schema:

1. Create and apply new migration:

   ```bash
   pnpm run prisma:migrate
   ```

2. Pull pending changes from DB:

   ```bash
   npx prisma db pull
   ```

3. Update Prisma client:

   ```bash
   npx prisma generate
   ```

**Note**: Nx runs Prisma commands in a non-interactive shell, so you may not be prompted for a migration name. You can work around this by running:

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev --name your_migration
```

You can also pass the --name argument directly via Nx:

```bash
nx run server:prisma-migrate -- --name your_migration
```

Consider using a consistent naming format such as `day_of_week_day_month_year` for your migrations.

### Testing

To run server tests:

```bash
# Run all tests
pnpm nx test server

# Run tests in watch mode
pnpm nx test server --watch

# Run specific test file
pnpm nx test server --testFile=path/to/test
```

### Error Responses

The API may return the following HTTP status codes:

- `200` - Success
- `404` - No market news data found
- `500` - Internal server error (e.g., database connection issues, OpenAI API errors)

## API Testing

### REST Client

We provide an HTTP request collection file at `src/test/api.http` that works with the [REST Client VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client) by Huachao Mao. This file contains pre-configured requests for all available API endpoints with examples and documentation.

#### Setup

1. Install the REST Client extension in VS Code
2. Open `src/test/api.http`
3. Click "Send Request" above any request to test it

For example, to test the latest market news endpoint:

```http
GET http://localhost:3001/api/market-insights
Content-Type: application/json
```

The file includes:

- Environment variable configurations
- All available API endpoints with documentation
- Example response shapes
- Error response examples

#### Features

- Test endpoints directly from VS Code
- Switch between environments (local/staging/production)
- View formatted JSON responses
- See response headers and status codes
- Save response examples

Commit message:

feat(env): add financial datasets API configuration
include new environment variables for financial datasets API
and update README files to reflect the new API key requirements.

apps/server/README.md, after:

# Erisfy Server API

This document provides comprehensive documentation for the Erisfy backend server, which handles market news analysis and data processing. It includes setup instructions, API documentation, development guidelines, and troubleshooting information.

## Table of Contents

1. [Overview](#overview)
2. [API Documentation](#api-documentation)
3. [Development](#development)
   - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
   - [Environment Setup](#environment-variables)
   - [External API Keys](#external-api-keys)
   - [Database Setup](#docker-database-setup)
   - [Running the Server](#running-the-server)
4. [Database Management](#database-management)
   - [Schema Updates](#updating-the-database-schema)
   - [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting-database-issues)
5. [Testing](#testing)

## Overview

The Erisfy Server is a NestJS-based backend that:

- Provides REST APIs for market news and analysis
- Manages automated data collection from various sources
- Processes and stores market data using PostgreSQL
- Integrates with OpenAI for market analysis
- Runs scheduled background jobs for data updates

## API Documentation

The API documentation is available through Swagger UI, which provides an interactive interface to explore and test all available endpoints.

### Accessing Swagger Documentation

1. Start the development server:
   ```bash
   pnpm nx serve server
   ```

2. Open your browser and navigate to:
   ```
   http://localhost:3001/api/docs
   ```

### Using Swagger UI

The Swagger UI provides:

- Interactive API documentation
- Request/response examples for each endpoint
- Built-in API testing interface
- Authentication configuration
- Schema definitions for all DTOs and responses

Key features:
- **Try it out**: Test endpoints directly from the browser
- **Models**: View detailed request/response schemas
- **Authorization**: Configure auth tokens for protected endpoints
- **Response codes**: See all possible response statuses and their meanings

API endpoints are organized by tags:
- `market-insights`: Market news and analysis endpoints
- `onboardings`: User onboarding management endpoints
- `news`: General news endpoints

## Development

### Prerequisites

- Node.js v20.14.0 (or higher)
- pnpm v9.15.0 (or higher)
- Docker Desktop

### Environment Variables

Create a `.env.development` file in the server directory by copying `.env.example`:

```bash
cp .env.example .env.development
```

Required environment variables:

```bash
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/erisfydb?schema=public"
POSTGRES_USER=postgres
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres
POSTGRES_DB=erisfydb
POSTGRES_PORT=5432
POSTGRES_HOST=localhost
```

### External API Keys

The server requires API keys for several external services. Refer to the [API Key Setup Guide](../../docs/how-to/api-key-setup.md) for detailed instructions on obtaining API keys for:

- OpenAI Platform - For market analysis and AI-powered insights
- The News API - For financial news aggregation
- Financial Datasets API - For stock market data and financial metrics

Add these API keys to your `.env.development` file:

```bash
OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key
NEWS_API_KEY=your_thenewsapi_key
FINANCIAL_DATASETS_API_KEY=your_financial_datasets_key
```

### Docker Database Setup

The project uses Docker Compose to manage the PostgreSQL database. Configuration is defined in `docker-compose.yml` at the root of the project.

#### Database Configuration

When running locally with Docker, use these database settings in your `.env.development`:

```env
DATABASE_URL="postgresql://postgres:postgres@localhost:5432/erisfydb?schema=public"
POSTGRES_USER=postgres
POSTGRES_PASSWORD=postgres
POSTGRES_DB=erisfydb
POSTGRES_PORT=5432
POSTGRES_HOST=localhost
```

#### Starting the Database

1. Start the PostgreSQL container:

   ```bash
   pnpm run serve:docker
   ```

2. For first-time setup, run database migrations:

   ```bash
   nx run server:prisma-migrate
   ```

#### Database Management with Adminer

Adminer is included for database management:

- Access at: <http://localhost:8080>
- System: PostgreSQL
- Server: db
- Username: postgres
- Password: postgres
- Database: erisfydb

#### Troubleshooting Database Issues

1. **Port Conflicts**:
   - Check for running PostgreSQL instances: `docker ps`
   - Stop conflicting services or modify port in docker-compose.yml

2. **Container Issues**:
   - Verify Docker Desktop is running
   - Check logs:

   ```shell
   docker-compose logs db
   ```

   - Try removing container: `docker-compose down`
   - For fresh start: `docker-compose down -v`

### Running the Server

Start the development server:

```bash
pnpm nx serve server
```

The server will be available at <http://localhost:3001/api>

### Database Management

#### Updating the Database Schema

When modifying the Prisma schema:

1. Create and apply new migration:

   ```bash
   pnpm run prisma:migrate
   ```

2. Pull pending changes from DB:

   ```bash
   npx prisma db pull
   ```

3. Update Prisma client:

   ```bash
   npx prisma generate
   ```

**Note**: Nx runs Prisma commands in a non-interactive shell, so you may not be prompted for a migration name. You can work around this by running:

```bash
npx prisma migrate dev --name your_migration
```

You can also pass the --name argument directly via Nx:

```bash
nx run server:prisma-migrate -- --name your_migration
```

Consider using a consistent naming format such as `day_of_week_day_month_year` for your migrations.

### Testing

To run server tests:

```bash
# Run all tests
pnpm nx test server

# Run tests in watch mode
pnpm nx test server --watch

# Run specific test file
pnpm nx test server --testFile=path/to/test
```

### Error Responses

The API may return the following HTTP status codes:

- `200` - Success
- `404` - No market news data found
- `500` - Internal server error (e.g., database connection issues, OpenAI API errors)

## API Testing

### REST Client

We provide an HTTP request collection file at `src/test/api.http` that works with the [REST Client VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=humao.rest-client) by Huachao Mao. This file contains pre-configured requests for all available API endpoints with examples and documentation.

#### Setup

1. Install the REST Client extension in VS Code
2. Open `src/test/api.http`
3. Click "Send Request" above any request to test it

For example, to test the latest market news endpoint:

```http
GET http://localhost:3001/api/market-insights
Content-Type: application/json
```

The file includes:

- Environment variable configurations
- All available API endpoints with documentation
- Example response shapes
- Error response examples

#### Features

- Test endpoints directly from VS Code
- Switch between environments (local/staging/production)
- View formatted JSON responses
- See response headers and status codes
- Save response examples
